<p id="h201" hidden>
ID: 201
STATUS 1: STAMINA;INCREASE;2
FIGHT
DICE:
ENEMY 1: ORC;SKILL 5;STAMINA 4
ENEMY 2: GIANT SNAKE;SKILL 6;STAMINA 6
ENEMY 3: WOLF;SKILL 5;STAMINA 5
ENEMY 4: PYGMY;SKILL 4;STAMINA 4
ENEMY 5: APE MAN;SKILL 7;STAMINA 6
ENEMY 6: CAVE TROLL;SKILL 8;STAMINA 7
CHOICE 1: If you win
ACTION 1: 138
HISTORY
Following Nicodemus's map, you start your long walk north to 
the guarded tower of Zanbar Bone, the Night Prince. You walk 
through woods and fields. You are able to relax a little in 
the pleasant countryside and breathe the fresh air with its 
wonderful scents. As the light fades you decide to camp under
a huge elm tree. You cook a meal of stewed rabbit and mushrooms
before settling down to a long, deep sleep (add 2 STAMINA points).
In the morning you look around for a yew tree and cut a branch
from it with which you make a bow to fire the silver arrow. As
you test the bow for accuracy, you are suddenly aware of a 
white dove sitting on a low branch near by. There is a small 
piece of paper attached to its foot which it lets you remove 
without flying off. There is a message on the paper which 
reads:

Dear Friend, 
l am afraid I must be getting old to be of use to anybody. I 
regret that I have misinformed you about the compound needed 
to kill Zanbar Bone. You must use only two of the three 
ingredients I told you, but cannot remember which two. I can 
only suggest you try Hag's hair and black pearls together, or
the Hag's hair and lotus flower together, or the black pearls
and lotus flower together. Apologies. 
Good luck,
N.

You throw the message on the ground and curse. You change 
your mind a dozen times before making a decision. Finally 
you make your choice, and grind the two ingredients together
on a flat stone. You place the compound in a leather pouch,
hoping you have made the correct decision. You set off again,
but it is not long before your surroundings become less 
welcoming, the trees are twisted or stunted and there are no
birds to be heard — you must be approaching the domain of the
Night prince. Suddenly to your left you hear rustling and 
grunting in the bushes. It is a wandering monster which has 
been atracted by your scent. Roll one die and consult the table
below to see what creature has appeared. Fight this creature 
as usual.

</p>